[Music]
we're breaking into programming now to
take you to Rafa where at least 28
people have been killed in an Israeli
strike in Northwestern Rafa the tents of
displaced people Sheltering in the city
near United Nations relief agency
warehouses were hit the injured have
been taken to the city's Kuwait Hospital
eyewitnesses reported that the tents of
the displaced people caught fire after
the shelling hind Al is on the phone for
us now from De alala H can you just
bring us up today with the latest uh
from this air strike there in
Northwestern
Rafa okay so the Israeli forces targeted
a makeshift tent with eight Israeli air
strikes this is a place where what
classified by the Israeli forces as a
humanitarian area and it was safe as
they claimed um at least 27 Palestinians
have been killed we have been seeing
footage emerging online we we see how
the bodies of people of have have being
burned um we're talking about uh 28
Palestinians and the number is likely to
increase because the ambulances and the
civil defense teams are still uh
transferring um those Palestinians into
uh the hospitals there's only one
Hospital currently facilitating in ra
which is the Kuwaiti hospital that only
has eight beds but we ALS also knew that
some of the injuries are also being
transferred to the IMC field medical
Point um again this was a Target uh for
a makeshift tent near the hona logistic
space in t suan uh it's located in the
western part of raah uh these uh the the
targets were T makeshift tent where
thousands of Palestinians remained in
that area because they thought that if
was a safe area uh mainly people in
tents were targeted um there are more
people injured and the the footage that
is emerging online is very terrifying
we're seeing um people that are not
being able to be recognized because
their bodies were completely uh damaged
and it's not only that the Israeli
forces carried a couple of air strikes
also in West parts of Rafa after this
target it's intensifying and it's also
escalating and we've been watching these
pictures come into The Newsroom and uh
we're seeing people trying to put out
these uh fires that are spreading from
one t to the next these makeshift
shelters that people have been having to
live in for months now can you just give
us an idea of what if any sort of
Emergency Response there will be to help
uh these displaced people put out these
fires immediately
well actually we're talking about civil
defense teams with zero
capabilities uh trucks uh and uh
ambulances and like uh firefighters do
not even have fuel to transfer and to
help cope this fire because there has
been no fuel entering the goles strip
for more than two weeks now after the
Israeli forces started their military
operation in dra it as you know tents
are very fragile and and and Flames are
are are are firing up all of the
makeshift tent um it's it's it's very
horrifying what we're seeing but we are
expecting more displacement tomorrow as
there are still thousands of
Palestinians still in the western part
of RAF C can you just uh give us a bit
more detail about the hospital
capability uh there in Rafa obviously we
know that uh they've been shelled and
and attacked multiple times but so just
the lack of supplies that they have to
keep operating and how that is going to
affect the dozens of people um that no
doubt will be being tried to be rushed
to hospital as quickly as possible to to
treat no doubt what are going to be
severe burns from this
fire well the only Hospital still
operating in uh is the Kuwaiti hospital
and it's not really a hospital because
it doesn't have that ICU unit so it's
only a medical point with only eight B
we're talking about at least 27
Palestinians that were killed and dozens
of people injured so the hospital does
not really have the capability to treat
and to give medication to all of these
injured people also there is a couple of
medical hospitals field hospitals in RAF
but unfortunately there's no fuel for
ambulances to go back and forth and to
transfer all of these injuries again for
more than two weeks now Z fuel have
entered two hospitals or two uh
ambulances so it's very hard and
challenging to operate but the civil
defense teams and the emergency people
are trying their best to rescue as much
people children and women as possible
and and earlier uh alasan Brigade said
that it had fired a large barrage of
rockets uh towards Tel Aviv uh the armed
wing of AAR said it launched that attack
from in southern Gaza is this the area
in Northwest Gaza where we're seeing
these pictures coming in where this
latest Israeli strike has happened is
this the area where Hamas fired these
Rockets from well actually no because a
very viral image that was taken by an
Israeli soldier today was from uh was
taken from the RAF Crossing which is the
in the eastern part of Rafa and not the
western part of Raa what has been
targeted with eight air strikes today
is the Northern Western part of RA which
is also classified by the Israeli forces
as a safe humanitarian area and ask
people from Eastern ra to evacuate to
this area so no it was not the same area
and again this area is full of displaced
people it's a makeshift tent it's a huge
makeshift tent so there has been no way
that the Palestinian Fighters fired
Rockets from that area particularly yeah
and just for for viewers uh who who are
tuning in we have uh received pictures
into The Newsroom that we aren't going
to show you because they are just so
gruesome of many children extremely
badly burnt just to point out uh and
reiterate hen's point there that these
are displaced people women and children
uh who have been living in these
makeshift tents uh for months now um
obviously and uh this comes
uh on top of everything that has
happened today and because on such a
large scale attack like this news
spreads fast throughout the strip can
you just give us an idea of what the
reaction has been there in der Al Bala
where you are in other parts of the
strip to to this attack that's happened
in the last hour or
so well actually people are terrified
because some of their families made it
to to the central part but some of their
families are still in that makeshift
tent people are horrified and and are
feeling very worried they want to make
sure that their families are okay but
unfortunately there has been no internet
connectivity there has been no
electricity and Telecommunications are
very very hard to reach right now so
people are are are are are terrified
they're they're in raged because again
they thought that this area was a SI
sorry I'm just going to have to
interrupt you there because a media
conference has started with the
spokesperson of the health Ministry in
Gaza we're going to listening that now
and summary executions against displaced
people leading to the death of over 190
M murderers
inat jabalia and Gaza as well as
recently in the governorate of Rafa in
southern
Gaza moments ago the Israeli occupation
committed a horrifying Massacre via
targeted shelling and bombardment
of the uh
bat
shelter in Northwest
Gaza Israeli war planes targeted the
center with over seven missiles and
bombs weighing over 2,000 each leading
to the death of 30 people as well as
dozens of injuries including extremely
serious injuries and this means that the
over overall number of people who are
killed as a result of this massacre is
likely to increase these continuing
massacres against civilians and
displaced people confirm without a shred
of doubt
that we are witnessing a genocide crime
a premeditated crime of genocide it also
shows that the Israeli occupation Army
is
deliberately killing the largest
possible number of people particularly
civilians and displaced people who tried
to escape the fires of War however they
were chased by the missiles of the
occupation which killed them in Cold
Blood this horrifying
Massacre sends a clear message from the
Israeli occupation and the US
Administration to the international
criminal court and to all other
International courts as well as the
International Community and the entire
humanity and this message says that the
Holocaust of Palestinian civilians
continues and that massacres against
displaced people and children will
continue and that violations of
international law will not stop before
these horrifying massacres and before
this catastrophe of historical
proportions and this genocidal War being
waged by the Israeli occupation Army the
US Administration and their allies who
are involved in this war of genocide we
would like to hearby reaffirm the
following first
we continue to
condemn the continuation of this war of
genocide and these horrifying massacres
that continue against displaced people
Shel as well as shelters these massacr
that over the past 24 hours left over
190 murders as well as dozens of wounded
people in jabalia nsat Gaza and moments
ago in the RAF governorate we call upon
all the nations of the Free World to
condemn this brutal crime this heinous
crime that is being committed by the
Israeli occupation and the Americans
second we hold the Israeli occupation
the US
Administration as well as all countries
involved in this genocidal crime such as
Germany and other European countries we
hold them fully responsible for this
genocidal war that continues against our
great people of Palestine this war that
has left so far over
120,000 people dead including
approximately that left 120,000 victims
including
36,000 um dead people and over 880,000
wounded people third we call upon the
international criminal court all
International courts and all the free
judges in the world as well as all human
rights
organizations all over the world to
prosecute Israeli war criminals and to
prosecute American war criminals as well
and German war criminals as well as all
war criminals who are participating in
the killing of we call upon the world to
bring them all to trial before a just
International Court as war criminals who
are practicing death using all lethal
Weaponry without any limits and without
any respect to international law fourth
we call upon all the nations of the Free
World all International organizations
all un institutions to put pressure on
the criminal Israeli occupation in order
to put an end to this war of genocide
that continues to reap additional lives
amongst displaced people and civilians
and continues to leave more people dead
every hour and with every new Massacre
we also call for the reopening of the
rafah crossing
immediately in order to allow thousands
of wounded people and patients to travel
in order to receive treatments in
hospitals outside of the Gaza Strip
especially after the Israeli occupation
deliberately destroyed the health system
completely in the Gaza STP and following
the crimes committed by the occupation
that resorted to burning hospitals and
destroying them completely we also call
for the
immediate delivery of dozens of field
hospitals and medical Crews and
delegations to the Gaza Strip in order
for them to contribute to saving us from
this dire humanitarian and health
situation in the Gaza Strip which has
headed towards a humanitarian
catastrophe that will leave tens of
thousands of innocent people dead
amongst Palestinians particularly women
and
children we
also call for the delivery of fuel to
what remains of our hospitals Health
Centers and ambulances which are headed
for a disaster save Gaza before it is
too late save Gaza before it is too late
save Gaza before it is too
late glory and immortality to our
murderers
a speedy recovery to our wounded freedom
to our prisoners languishing in
occupation prisons and a salute to our
great Palestinian people the government
media
office okay you were listening to the
Gaza Health Ministry spokesperson in De
alala he called this latest strike a
horrific Massacre he said that war
planes targeted the center of the tent
seven missiles in total were dropped and
he said that they chase people as they
tried to escape for their lives he said
at least 30 people are dead dozens more
injured and expects the death toll to
rise significantly in the coming hours
he said without a shred of doubt this is
a premeditated crime of genocide
deliberately killing the largest numbers
of innocent
civilians make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer